well that is another new toy the hague psv he said
hv
hp the new flagship
yes in this video you actually want to get acquainted with the
devices have arrived and also a video on youtube
but i like it
under the Linden Nijmegen they show
the device is very nicely designed that is mainly due to the not sign in the
garden
that is, the device for one
very large part consists of one piece of aluminum
that enters the device
a wonderful
look
no hand can
despite its large size
we also have plastic on the back
components
yes those are the horses
batteries behind the management on the bottom turn
micro sd cards available
but they also finished those plastic bubbles with a large one
cooking making the supply percent
and yes that gives a lot of resistance nice luxury appearance
and at the same time
device was very comfortable in the hand
their condition further is 8 the bond uci
nicely finished with a metal knock
teheran on the left you will find the volume button
from the top you can find the on and off button
on the right I don't find your money
and parts
you have the entrance for the target jack
the headphone
micro depuydt b
and with the phone calls
today ticks and an 8 megapixel camera with a duo flash
That means you can take beautiful pictures a few times at high resolutions
but you can also film with the condition in HD format
m what I also really like is that this one
can thus also be used as a video country during the tour mode in the film
so then you can also drive in a drunk state
still beautiful
what you see now is
speaker
that device will continue to run on all newest operating system
and then ever 2002
the fantastic beautiful operating system
how do you care for illness
very nice
thanks also to it
the press it's super lcd screens from her
displays the beautiful and of course also now
with a nice contrast
the device works very team you will find very very secretly kiev zorgvlied
all through
to serve
on screen
the device itself has too
outside the volume button and the on off button
no physical buttons here at the bottom
the home button the mini button
the gymnast suffers from a visit
within the lines
its sensitive points
but I think they work very well
can not say otherwise the pot is very happy with it
yes both moderate it is, I think it is very much possible
late and and that pierse recipient may co-rule the shit points
of course you can call it
the seated parquet integration in the internet of course
the compact coupé is books
also does not synchronize perfectly the cool campfire contract not extended
everything year is present on board
and I must honestly say that it is all there too
and nicely finished
ma so far the ret my short review there too it is much more about it
say
but those videos that you find no longer remained on the internet
so then i'm not going to get it
to the extent that